KUG program for our webpage (#150)
kokkos/kokkos.github.io: content/blog/kug-2025-program-announced.md

  * Conclude the event with a dynamic **Panel Discussion** focused on the
    future of Kokkos beyond version 5.0. We are working on finalizing the
    panellist which will include Kokkos team developers, affiliated project
    representants, and downstream library and application users from the community.

* **Stay Tuned:** While the majority of the program is published, we're
  finalizing a few details. Please check back for any minor adjustments.

**A Heartfelt Thank You:**

We extend our sincere gratitude to the Program Committee, our dedicated
speakers, and all the users who submitted proposals. The overwhelming response
made selection challenging, and we appreciate everyone's enthusiasm and
support.

**Join Us!**

Don't miss this opportunity to connect with the Kokkos community, learn from
experts, and contribute to the future of high-performance computing. KUG 2025
is just around the corner!

[Register Now](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hpsf-conference/register/)
and secure your spot today.

## 2025 Program

<style>
    table {
        width: 100%;
    }
</style>
|Time | Wednesday, May 7, 2025 | Thursday, May 8, 2025 |
| :-------- | :-------: | :-------: |

> | 9:00am-10:30am  | [Introduction](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#introduction)<br>(Damien Lebrun-Grandie,Christian Trott) | [Kokkos Session](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#kokkos-session)<br>(Nic Morales, Luc Berger-Vergiat) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 9:00am-10:30am  | [Introduction](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#introduction)<br>(Damien Lebrun-Grandie, Christian Trott) | [Kokkos Session](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#kokkos-session)<br>(Nic Morales, Luc Berger-Vergiat) |
```

| 10:45am-12:15pm | [Kokkos in Applications](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#kokkos-in-applications)<br>(Jakob Bludau, Daniel Arndt) | [Tuning and Performance](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#tuning-and-performance)<br>(Cedric Cevalier, Ansar Calloo) |
| 1:35pm-3:05pm | [Adapting Kokkos](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#adapting-kokkos)<br>(Thomas Padioleau, Julien Bigot) | [Algorithms](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#algorithms)<br>(Carl Pearson, Conrad Clevenger) |
| 3:20pm-4:50pm | [Lightning Talks](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#lightning-talks)<br>(Luc Berger-Vergiat, Nevin Liber) | [Panel Discussion](/blog/kug-2025-program-announced/#panel-discussion)<br>(Damien Lebrun-Grandie, Christian Trott)|

## Session Content
### Introduction
<style>
    table {
        width: 100%;
    }
</style>
|Time | Topic | Presenter
| :-------- | :-------: | :-------: |

> | 9:00am-9:20am | Welcome and brief overview of the program | Damien Lebrun-Grandie<br>(Oak Ridge National Laboratory) |
> | 9:20am-10:00am | Update on the Ecosystem and HPSF integration | Christan Trott<br>(Sandia National Laboratory) |
> | 10:00am-10:20am | Kokkos-Kernels update | Luc Berger-Vergiat<br>(Sandia National Laboratory) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 9:00am-9:10am | Welcome and overview | Damien Lebrun-Grandie<br>(Oak Ridge National Laboratory) |
| 9:10am-9:30am | Update on the Ecosystem and Community | Christan Trott<br>(Sandia National Laboratory) |
| 9:30am-10:00am | Kokkos Core update | Damien Lebrun-Grandie<br>(Oak Ridge National Laboratory) |
| 10:00am-10:20am | Kokkos-Kernels update | Luc Berger-Vergiat<br>(Sandia National Laboratory) |
```
